# BiGS
I feel like my adult life all started with Bigs. I actually gave him his nickname once I learned his middle name and realized it gave him the initials BGS. He's actually 2 years older than I am. His younger brother was in my grade. But I always looked up to Bigs. Somewhere around the 4th grade I borrowed a Robotech book from Bigs through his brother and read it voraciously. The book was pristine when I borrowed it, and I returned it tattered and torn with a partially missing cover and broken spine. Bigs was furious and never loaned me another book. His brother and I never hit it off despite being the same age. But by the time I got into High School Bigs and I started crossing paths more regularly and eventually became friends. After he left for college we kept in touch. He regularly invited me to the Student Union Building (or SUB) for long evenings at the pool table. I felt honored to be in the presence of college kids and I really liked Bigs' grumpy preppy persona. After a near death experience on 7/27/97 with Bigs, our friendship was forever solidified. We call each other every year on 7/27 and swap our old stories. Most of which are the inspiration for this book. 


# Coach
Coach ... Oh coach. Coach and I went to college together. He was a year behind me but 10 years ahead of me in every way that counted. He is and always has been an old, kind soul. In fact, I've had disagreements with every single one of my friends that have led to blows. Except for Coach. The only time Coach ever got mad at me was after I repeatedly teased him about a date with a pool shark we affectionately referred to as Ocho ... because she was missing two fingers on one hand. Ocho was cool, and amazing at pool. And her nickname was meant in good fun, but he didn't appreciate it. After telling me three times to drop the nickname he finally made himself heard. And I'll never forget it. It felt like disappointing a parent. A parent that could kick your ass, but would rather make you feel ashamed to have let them down. Coach is the kind of guy a girl wants to take home to mama. He's the kind of guy that moms try and set up with their daughters. Coach was our rock. Our voice of reason. And he's the only guy I've ever met that liked to go to a strip club to literally talk to the strippers. No joke.  

# Penny
I met Penny through Bigs. They had been roommates for a while in college. When Bigs first introduced me to Penny I though I'd misheard him. A guy ... named Penny? What's that all about? But I didn't have a chance to ask about the nickname that night, or ever apparently. Because it was a few years later before I learned what Penny's real name was. Somehow I had just assumed it was a boy named Sue situation and never asked questions. As it turned out, Penny liked to wear penny loafers, which in turn led to Bigs giving him the nickname, which stuck. Penny never seemed to mind. He was far from insecure in his masculinity. And for good reason. Despite being on the shorter side, he seemed to have no trouble with the ladies. In fact, his long-time girlfriend of several years was a perfect 10. She was beautiful, fit, intelligent, and could flip shit back at the four of us like we were her 4 older brothers. I miss Penny's girlfriend. Those were some good ~~tits~~ times! 

# BT
Like Penny, I met BT through Bigs. They had also been roommates in college and apparently once you live with Bigs you're friends for life. BT was always the most attractive of us and had an amazing record with the ladies. So much so Bigs started calling him Master Chief. And the thing is, he wasn't going for quantity over quality, he was going for (and landing) both. However, he was a bit on the short side, and by far the most cocky of all of us. While strikeouts were rare for BT, we were all there for two of his most notable failures. One involving his own business card, and the other while walking across the street. But I'll get to those later. 

# Wah
I majored in Biology along with Coach. And we were both honored by the Biology department by being given an intern position at a local ER. But I never took the MCAT. I decided after a semester in the ER that I didn't want that lifestyle. Coach took the MCAT and did well, but ultimately also decided to forgo medical school. But Wah, he went all the way. His nickname is an homage Canadian hockey player Patrick Roy, who's last name was pronounced "Wah". Tall, thin, good looking, and somewhat shy. He didn't get to party with us much (damn medical school demands) but when he did he brought a sense of classiness to the group. And he always brought his A-game. Damn that guy could play pool. Ultimately Wah married an amazing woman. A fellow classmate of mine and another biology student. In fact, I had asked her out a few years before she met Wah and she laughed. Once I explained that I wasn't joking and that I'd really like to take her on a date she politely declined. And then laughed again as she walked away. She wasn't a mean person at all. I had just really swung for the fences and she knew it. Anyway, I'm glad one of us married her. She was too stunning to let some loser marry her. 